Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
Most of the coding that I have done is for web development. So I havent done much in python before this course. Learning python wasnt a big leap from what Ive done so far. 
The biggest change was unsterstanding how the formatting of python worked, making sure everything was indented as intended. 
I know its kinda off point from what most people will say. But to me a huge power of functions is the ability to organize your program and split it into easily identifiable pieces.
It makes a difference in evertyhing. From adding new functions, to debugging already written functions. Breaking the code out in functions, helped me maintain the formatting needed for Python in a much easier process.


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?
I can see two main values for test functions. 
A - Validate that your program is functioning the way that its expected to. Especially as you add or change pieces of your program. If you make adjustments and break a part of your program that you didnt intend to make changes on, the test will help you find that even if the code successfully runs.
B - To help explain your intended outcome of different pieces of your program. In writing a test, anyone reviewing your code will understand how it should work, and then can start working on your code quicker.

3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?
First and foremost, I go through the VScode error messages that generate. They generally point you in the right direction of where to start. If I dont understand what its saying, a quick google of common fixes resolves that.
Second, I look to see if any of my variables are not being used as I inteded as that is the most common error that I ran into when working through this semester.
Third, I go look at the provided support from the class. If its for something outside of schooling, I go make sure I understand the basis of the process I'm attempting to use, so I turn to the languages official documentation. If that fails, a quick youtube video to walk me through the steps.
Last, I reach out to others for support. I didnt need to do that for this semester, but I have needed to for other course. I try to spend max 30 minutes on each step above before moving onto the next. So I do everything I can to be self sufficient, but that I dont bang my head against the wall for hours when someone else could help in a matter of minutes.
This is the same process that I use for work or non programming processes, and I think it really works well for me. If you have suggestions on how I could improve it, I would love to hear it.